Refer to version 3.x on download page (#6)
mapproxy/mapproxy-homepage: src/pages/download.md

## Releases

3.x is the current mainline of the development. All new features will be included in the next 3.x release (3.1.x, 3.2.x, etc.). We will make minor releases (e.g. 3.2.1) with small improvements and bugfixes as necessary.

For changes between each release see the [CHANGES.txt of MapProxy](https://github.com/mapproxy/mapproxy/blob/master/CHANGES.txt).

> ### 3.0.x
> 
> This is the current release. It is released under the [Apache Software License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MapProxy is released under the [Apache Software License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).
```
